Update docs regarding base env use (#5004)
conda/conda-build: docs/source/install-conda-build.rst

* update conda and conda-build

.. _-conda-build-wow:

Way of working
==============

> For proper functioning, it is strongly recommended to install conda-build in

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For proper functioning, it is strongly recommended to install conda-build in
```

the conda ``base`` environment. Not doing so may lead to problems.

**Explanation**

With earlier conda / conda-build versions, it was possible to build packages in
your own defined environment, e.g. ``my_build_env``. This was partly driven by
the general conda recommendation not to use the ``base`` env for normal work;

> see `Conda Managing Environments`_ for instance. However conda-build is better

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
see `Conda Managing Environments`_ for instance. However, conda-build is better
```

viewed as part of the conda infrastructure, and not as a normal package. Hence,
installing it in the ``base`` env makes more sense. More information:
`Must conda-build be installed in the base envt?`_

**Other considerations**

> * An installiion or update of conda-build (in fact, of any package) in the ``base``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An installation or update of conda-build (in fact, of any package) in the ``base``
```

  environment needs to be run from an account with the proper permissions
  (i.e., the same permissions as were used to install conda and the base env in
  the first place via the Miniconda or Anaconda installers). For example, on
  Windows that might mean an account with administrator privileges.

* `conda-verfiy`_ is a useful package that can also be added to the base
  environment in order to remove some warnings generated when conda-build runs.

> * For critical CI/CD projects, you might want to pin to an explicit (but recent)
>   version of conda-build, i.e. only update to a newer version of conda-build,
>   and conda, once they have been first verified 'offline'.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* For critical CI/CD projects, you might want to pin to an explicit (but recent)
  version of conda-build, i.e. only update to a newer version of conda-build
  and conda once they have been first verified "offline".
```

* update conda and conda-build

.. _-conda-build-wow:

Way of working
==============

For proper functioning, it is strongly recommended to install conda-build in
the conda ``base`` environment. Not doing so may lead to problems.

> **Explanation**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explanation
-----------
```

> With earlier conda / conda-build versions it was possible to build packages in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
With earlier conda / conda-build versions, it was possible to build packages in
```

your own defined environment, e.g. ``my_build_env``. This was partly driven by

> the general conda recommendation not to use the ``base`` env for normal work,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the general conda recommendation not to use the ``base`` env for normal work;
```

Author: ok

see `Conda Managing Environments`_ for instance. However conda-build is better

> viewed as part of the conda infrastructure, and not as a normal package. Hence

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
viewed as part of the conda infrastructure, and not as a normal package. Hence,
```

viewed as part of the conda infrastructure, and not as a normal package. Hence,
installing it in the ``base`` env makes more sense. More information:
`Must conda-build be installed in the base envt?`_

> **Other considerations**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other considerations
--------------------
```

> * Installing or updating conda-build (in fact any package) in the ``base``
>   environment needs to be run from an account with the proper permissions.
>   I.e. the same permissions as were used to install conda and the base env in
>   the first place via the Miniconda or Anaconda installers. E.g. on Windows
>   that might mean an account with administrator privileges.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* An installation or update of conda-build (in fact, of any package) in the ``base``
  environment needs to be run from an account with the proper permissions
  (i.e., the same permissions as were used to install conda and the base env in
  the first place via the Miniconda or Anaconda installers). For example, on Windows
  that might mean an account with administrator privileges.
```

Author: ok

> * `conda-verfiy`_ can be usefully added to the base environment also. This
>   will remove some warnings generated when conda-build runs. And the package
>   is useful in its own right anyway.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `conda-verfiy`_ is a useful package that can also be added to the base environment in order
  to remove some warnings generated when conda-build runs.
```
That last sentence is fine if you want keep it. I just figured it was redundant to saying "useful/usefully" in the first sentence.

Author: ok

> * For critical CI/CD projects, you might want to pin to an explicit (but recent)
>   version of conda-build. I.e. only update to a newer version of conda-build,
>   and conda, once they have been first verified 'offline'.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For critical CI/CD projects, you might want to pin to an explicit (but recent)
  version of conda-build, i.e. only update to a newer version of conda-build,
  and conda once they have been first verified 'offline'.
```

Author: ok
